c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\ImageServer.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\ImageServer.pdb
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\obj\Debug\ImageServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\obj\Debug\ImageServer.dll
c:\users\tt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\obj\Debug\ImageServer.pdb
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\ImageServer.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\ImageServer.pdb
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\obj\Debug\ImageServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\obj\Debug\ImageServer.dll
D:\Projects\ImageCropTry\ImageServer\obj\Debug\ImageServer.pdb
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\ImageServer.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\ImageServer.pdb
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\obj\Debug\ImageServer.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\obj\Debug\ImageServer.pdb
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\obj\Debug\ImageServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\ImageServer.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\ImageServer.pdb
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\MvcInstaller.MVC4.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\obj\Debug\ImageServer.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\obj\Debug\ImageServer.pdb
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\MvcInstaller.MVC4.dll
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Projects\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\ImageServer.dll.config
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\ImageResizer.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\ImageResizer.Mvc.dll
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\ImageResizer.xml
C:\documents\projects\imserv-repo\ImageServer\ImageServer\bin\ImageResizer.Mvc.xml
